hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 film Mad Max fury road so
let's get started this film is actually
the fourth film in the series however
its plot does not rely heavily on the
previous films I will be making
summaries of these other films however
which you will be able to find in the
links below the film takes place several
years after a nuclear holocaust where we
find the world has become a desert
wasteland and civilization has collapse
we see a survivor named Max Rockatansky
the namesake of the film who is captured
by the war boys the war boys are the
army of the Morton Joe and Max is
brought to Joe is Citadel Max's marked
as a universal blood donor and is given
to a sick war boy named nuts in order to
be used as a blood bag meanwhile one of
Joe's lieutenants imperio furiosa is
sent to drive an armored semi truck
called the war rig to collect gasoline
however she ends up leading the convoy
off the path and it is revealed that Joe
is five wives beautiful women who were
selected for breeding have escaped with
furiosa so Joe sends an army after
furiosa calling for aid from two other
organizations one from gas town and the
other from the bullet farm the war boy
knucks
also joins the pursuit with max strapped
to his car to continue his blood supply
Joe's forces continue pursued furiosa's
war rig and she drives into a sandstorm
where she loses most of Joe's forces
except for knucks
Nux tries to sacrifice himself to
destroy the war rig but fails and the
car which used to be owned by Max is
destroyed max survives the crash and
approaches furiosa and the wives
including angry heart Joe's favorite
wife who is pregnant with Joey's child
Max do the war rig but furiosa installed
a kill switch that only she knows how to
activate Max agrees to let furiosa and
the wives accompany him while knucks is
left to be picked up by Joe's army they
travel through a canyon together that is
controlled by bikers and Joe's forces
continue to pursue
Nux is able to get on board the war rig
in anger heart falls off in an attempt
to protect Max and is killed along with
her unborn baby by Joe's own car
furiosa explains to max that they are
headed to the promised land called the
green place that furiosa remembers from
her childhood one of the wives finds
knucks injured aboard the war rig and
tries to console' him furiosa and max
continue to fight off joe's forces as
they travel through swampland and desert
and eventually meet up with a group of
female motorcyclists known as the blue
Fellini
the boo Bellini revealed that they are
actually the former members of the green
place which has now reverted to the
inhospitable swamp that Max and furiosa
had just drove through the group
realizes that they have very few options
and decide to travel back to Joe's
citadel as it is not defended at the
moment and Joe is a very large supply of
water they travel back and encounter
Joe's forces once again
Furio says stabbed but furiosa is able
to kill Joe by tearing off his breathing
mask Knut sacrifices himself by wrecking
the war rig destroying the canyon and
blocking Joe's remaining forces from
pursuing max furiosa the wives and the
blue Bellini returned the citadel and
Joe his car and max gives furiosa his
blood so she can survive her stab wound
at the Citadel the citizens rejoice at
the sight of Joe's corpse
the group is cheered and welcomed by the
remaining war voice and Max walks off
into the distance so that was the
spoilers for Mad Max fury road if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alert
under various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching